Support Workload Identity Federation flow (#1109)
stackitcloud/terraform-provider-stackit: docs/index.md

- `ske_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the Kubernetes Engine (SKE) service
- `sqlserverflex_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the SQL Server Flex service
- `token_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the token API, which is used to request access tokens when using the key flow

> - `use_oidc` (Boolean) Should OIDC be used for Authentication? This can also be sourced from the `STACKIT_USE_OIDC` Environment Variable. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: nitpick: Shouldn't be a question
e.g.:
```suggestion
- `use_oidc` (Boolean) Enable OIDC for Authentication. This can also be sourced from the `STACKIT_USE_OIDC` Environment Variable. Defaults to `false`.
```
